#summary Issue tracker information

= TortoiseSVN Issues =

|| *Please do not file new issues* before validating your complaint or feature request via a well-formed report sent to our [http://tortoisesvn.net/community.html mailing lists],<br>and having one of the developers _ask_ you to file a new issue.<br><br>Even if you think it is an obvious bug or improvement that needs no discussion, we still ask you to bring it to the mailing list.<br><br>*Any issue filed without prior approval will be unceremoniously closed.*||


Chances are good that if you're on this page, you've come either to complain about TortoiseSVN, or you've come to check on a previous complaint about TortoiseSVN. Hey, we understand that. And for what it's worth, TortoiseSVN is the amazing software that it is largely because of the constructive criticism we've received about it over the years. Having said that, we strongly  recommend that if you've not done so already, you read the [http://tortoisesvn.net/reportbug.html Report a bug] page. Not only will you learn how to increase the quality of your own complaints and requests, but in doing so, you'll increase the likelihood that we'll recognize them as constructive.

*We depend on the mailing list as a first level of filtering for our issue tracker. Without this filtering, people would start misusing the issue tracker as a support forum, and the tracker would be full of duplicate issues, non-issues, and unreproducible issues. Please help us keep the bug database clean, by always finding a a developer who agrees that this is a bug before you file!*


You can find our issue tracker [http://code.google.com/p/tortoisesvn/issues/list here], but remember, issues which have not been discussed on the mailing list *will* be discarded.